[DOCS-6135] Link to Deployment and Architecture docs (#19687)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/setup/datadog.md

  ```
* Datadog recommends using Amazon EKS >= 1.16.

See [Best Practices for OPW Aggregator Architecture][2] for production-level requirements.

[1]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/aws-load-balancer-controller.html
[2]: /observability_pipelines/architecture/
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Azure AKS" %}}

> To run the Worker on your Kubernetes nodes, you need a minimum of two nodes with one CPU and 512MB RAM available. Datadog recommends creating a separate node pool for the Workers, which is also the recommended configuration for production deployments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Worker on your Kubernetes nodes, you need a minimum of two nodes with one CPU and 512 MB RAM available. Datadog recommends creating a separate node pool for the Workers, which is also the recommended configuration for production deployments. 
```
